DOME Onboarding

jesus@alastria.io

Logoff

The forms are below. Please, click the "Submit and create documents" at the bottom after filling all the fields.

For testing purposes, you can click the "Fill with test data" button to create and print documents with test data but with the final legal prose, so they can be reviewed by your legal department in advance of creating the real documents.

Legal representative of the company

We need information

identifying the legal

representative of the

company who is going to sign

the document.

First Name

Jesus

Last Name

Ruiz

Nationality

Spanish

ID card number

24676932R

Company information

We also need information

about the company so we can register it in DOME.

Make sure that the name is the legal name of the company as found in the commercial registry or

equivalent institution in your jurisdiction. The address must

be that of the official place of incorporation of your company.

We need the VAT number of your company because we use it as a unique identifier in our database. At this moment, this is not used to charge you anything. Whenever in the future we provide paid services to you, a specific

authorisation will be

requested, and you will have

to adhere to new terms of

contract.

Name

Air Quality Cloud

Street name and number

C/ Mercado 54

City

Madrid

Postal code

28654

Country Spain

VAT number

B35664875

Information about the LEAR

This section identifies an employee of the company who will act as the LEAR.

The LEAR is the Legal Entity Appointed Representative. Do not confuse with the Legal Representative, who has to appear in the official records in the commercial registry or equivalent institution in your jurisdiction. Instead, the LEAR can be any person who is authorised by a Legal Representative to interact with DOME and act on behalf of the company. There is specific information about the LEAR in the knowledge base. Of course, the Legal Representative can appoint him/herself as the LEAR for

DOME, if this is what is

First name

John

Last name

Doe

Nationality Spanish

ID card number

56332876F

Email

john.doe@airquality.com

Mobile phone +34876549022

suitable for you.

Submit and create documents

Fill with test data (only for testing)

Click the "Submit and create documents" button above to create the documents automatically including the data you entered.

If you are not yet ready and want to see how the final documents look like, click the button "Fill with test data" and then the "Submit and create documents" button to create the documents with test data.