
//NEW DIV

COMPANY DECLARATION OF HONOR //TITLE Date: 2024/10/30

I, the undersigned, Mr./Mrs. Jesus Ruiz, holding the Spanish ID card number 24676932R acting for and on behalf of Air Quality Cloud (hereinafter, the Company) C/ Academia 54 Madrid - 28654 Spain VAT number B35664875

do hereby confirm that:

In witness whereof, I sign this present declaration on behalf of Company on the date above. For and on behalf of Company

Signed: Mr./Mrs. Jesus Ruiz

//NEW DIV

LEAR APPOINTMENT FORM //TITLE

Date: 2024/10/30

Subject: designation of legal entity appointed representative (LEAR) in DOME Marketplace

I, the undersigned, Mr./Mrs. Jesus Ruiz, holding the Spanish ID card number 24676932R acting, without any kind of limitation, for and on behalf of Air Quality Cloud (hereinafter, the Company), having its registered office at C/ Academia 54, Madrid-28654 Spain, in my capacity of legal representative, after having read and understood the information below concerning the designation and the powers of a LEAR within the DOME Marketplace, do hereby designate as the LEAR of Company: //TABLE Name and surname John Doe ID card number 56332876F Postal address Email john.doe@airquality.com

ROLE AND POWERS OF THE LEAR//TITLE

The Legal Entity Appointed Representative (hereinafter, the LEAR) is the person that any entity willing to onboard on the DOME Marketplace (hereinafter, the Marketplace) must designate to act, within the scope of the operation of the Marketplace, as the representative of the entity.

Designating a LEAR is the first step of the onboarding process of the Marketplace.

The LEAR will be responsible for providing and checking that all the information concerning the entity is accurate and remains up to date at any time.

The LEAR must have all the capacity and powers to legally represent and bind your entity she/he represents for: //UL Signing contracts on behalf of the entity for the sale or lease of the entity’s products and services of whatever nature; Signing contracts on behalf of the entity for the purchase of goods and services of whatever nature from third parties; Represent the entity before any other third party, be it an individual, a private entity or any public entity or public authority in any kind of proceedings, regardless of their nature (e.g., informal complaints, arbitration proceedings, jurisdictional proceedings, mediation, negotiation, administrative proceedings, etc.), either as claimant or defendant or interested party or otherwise; Accept payments in whichever form on behalf of the entity; Order payments on behalf of the entity; Make declarations on behalf of the entity, including the submission of offers or proposals (e.g., making a description of cloud or edge services in the Marketplace); Settling any complaint, claim or dispute on behalf of the entity; Delegate any of those faculties on other individuals.

Once the LEAR is correctly registered in the Marketplace, the system will generate for her/him a verifiable credential that univocally identifies the LEAR within the Marketplace and enables her/him to digitally sign documents and perform some actions in a secure and non-repudiable fashion vis-à-vis the Marketplace.

The LEAR will be entitled to delegate some of its faculties to other individuals, who will normally belong to your entity’s organisation. Those delegated persons will also have verifiable credentials enabling them to act within the Marketplace on behalf of your entity within the scope of the delegation. The delegated persons shall not be entitled to further delegated any of their powers and/or faculties.

The entity shall be bound by any act or action or omission performed by the LEAR or the delegated representatives.

The contract with the Marketplace must be signed by means of the verifiable credential of the LEAR or an individual vested by the LEAR with the capacity of signing contracts on behalf of the entity.

The appointment of the LEAR is indefinite in time. Nonetheless, the entity can change its LEAR at any moment. Any acts, actions or omissions performed by the former LEAR will still be valid and binding on the entity represented by the LEAR.

It is the responsibility of the entity to revoke the designation of an individual as LEAR or as a delegated individual vested with powers to legally bind the entity within the scope of operation of the Marketplace once the entity does not wish to be represented within the Marketplace by such individuals.

In witness whereof I sign this appointment letter on the date set at the beginning of the letter. For and on behalf of Company Acceptance of the appointment by the LEAR

Signed: Mr./Mrs. Jesus Ruiz

Accepted and signed: Mr./Mrs. John Doe //END DIV Print Declaration of Honour //BUTTONS Print LEAR appointment //BUTTONS

Click each of the buttons above to start printing the documents. If you want to electronically sign PDFs, you can "print to PDF" to save the documents in your disk and then sign them with whatever program you use for signing (e.g., Acrobat Reader). Next steps//TITLE

To complete the onboarding process in DOME, you will have to submit some documentation to onboarding@dome-marketplace.org.

The amount of documents to submit will depend on whether your company is able to electronically sign documents or not.

If your company has a valid qualified Digital Certificate in the sense of the eIDAS Regulation, the two documents generated above are the only ones that you have to submit for the onboarding process in DOME:

If your company is not able to electronically sign documents, you have to submit additional documents, in addition to the two described above. Please, see the whole description of the onboarding process in the DOME knowledgebase: Company Onboarding Process.